{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12080\viewh10200\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1121\tx1681\tx2242\tx2803\tx3363\tx3924\tx4485\tx5045\tx5606\tx6166\tx6727\tx7288\tx7848\tx8409\tx8970\tx9530\tx10091\tx10651\tx11212\tx11773\tx12333\tx12894\tx13455\tx14015\tx14576\tx15136\tx15697\tx16258\tx16818\tx17379\tx17940\tx18500\tx19061\tx19621\tx20182\tx20743\tx21303\tx21864\tx22425\tx22985\tx23546\tx24106\tx24667\tx25228\tx25788\tx26349\tx26910\tx27470\tx28031\tx28591\tx29152\tx29713\tx30273\tx30834\tx31395\tx31955\tx32516\tx33076\tx33637\tx34198\tx34758\tx35319\tx35880\tx36440\tx37001\tx37561\tx38122\tx38683\tx39243\tx39804\tx40365\tx40925\tx41486\tx42046\tx42607\tx43168\tx43728\tx44289\tx44850\tx45410\tx45971\tx46531\tx47092\tx47653\tx48213\tx48774\tx49335\tx49895\tx50456\tx51016\tx51577\tx52138\tx52698\tx53259\tx53820\tx54380\tx54941\tx55501\tx56062\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 # data\
\
This directory holds all the data files used in the main code. 2D calculations and selected derived 3D outputs were calculated using the 2D-calculations script and added to the data collected. After that, these files were not touched and therefore contain all relevant, high-quality, nano-CT data for apatite dataset.  \
\
20220704_apatite-data is the main data file \
20220718_size-distribution is a data file used to make Fig02\
date-eu-hecalc is a data file used to make Fig07, data is taken from table D01. All uncertainties are reported at 1s.\
\
The percent difference files are simply the numbers required to plot the percent difference lines on the regression plots. \
\
**Explanation of column names for apatite-data below:**\
\
- id: id #\
- sample: unique sample #\
- gem: gem value assigned from Fig. 3\
- gc: geometric classification (letter from GEM) \
- ri: roughness index (number from GEM) \
- np_obs: number of pyramidal terminations stored as text\
- np_num_obs: number of pyramidal terminations stored as a number \
- geo: geometry (GEM A and B = hexagonal; GEM C = ellipsoid)\
- broken: notes on whether grain is broken or not\
- notes: descriptive notes \
- size bin: size bin the maximum width falls in \
- size_cat: if max width < 50, small. if max width 50-100, medium. if max width > 100, large. \
- mount: mount number from CT (see Figure 5)\
\
For columns N-AL, the following suffixes are appended to the parameter: \
- [parameter]_3d: the value obtained from CT \
- [parameter]_both: the value obtained from using the min and max width in 2D calculations \
- [parameter]_max: the value obtained from using the max width only in 2D calculations \
- [parameter]_max_2np: the value obtained from using the max width only and assuming 2 Np in 2D calculations\
\
Parameters: isotope specific FTs, FTcombined, volume, surface area, Rs (SA/V), RFT\
\
- l1: first measured length\
- w1: max width\
- l2: second measured length\
- w2: min width\
- w_max: checks to make sure width listed in w1 is the maximum \
- l_avg: average length\
- w_avg: average width \
- grain: apatite\
 \
}
